Add schema/docs for initial bulk import CSV format (#50)
18F/piipan: doc/bulk-import.md

# Bulk import format for participant records

CSV files are used as a data exchange format for the bulk import of program participant records. A description of the required CSV fields can be found in [import-schema.json](csv/import-schema.json), using the [Table Schema specification](https://frictionlessdata.io/table-schema/).

UTF-8 encoding is required for all fields.

## Validating files

There are Table Schema libraries available for [multiple programming languages](https://frictionlessdata.io/tooling/table-schema-tools/). The following example will use macOS, homebrew, Python, and [tableschema-py](https://github.com/frictionlessdata/tableschema-py):

```
brew install python
pip3 install tableschema
cd piipan/doc/csv
python3 validate.py example.csv
```
Any errors present in the supplied CSV file will be printed to `stdout`.

## Notes
- Microsoft Excel is notorious for mangling CSV files. By default, it will reformat date fields, remove leading zeros in integer-like strings, etc. Round-tripping CSV files using Excel is only possible through careful import and export:
  1. Open a new workbook
  1. Use File → Import, not File → Open 

>   1. When specifiying column format, hilight all the columns in the preview and select Text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. When specifying column format, highlight all the columns in the preview and select Text
```
